Title: Examining the 2016 Presidential Polls: A Closer Look at ABC vs. CBS Outcomes First of all, We will explore the fascinating field of political polling in this blog article, with a particular emphasis on the data gathered from ABC and CBS sources during the 2016 presidential election. 
It is vital to remember that the data displayed here is completely fictitious and does not correspond with the actual election results.
Name <- c("Jeb", "Donald", "Ted", "Marco", "Carly", "Hillary", "Berine")
ABCpoliticalpollresults <- c(4, 62, 51, 21, 2, 14, 15)
CBSpoliticalpollresults <- c(12, 75, 43, 19, 1, 21, 19) results = data.
frame(Name,ABCpoliticalpollresults,CBSpoliticalpollresults) 
Name ABC political pool results CBS political results 1 Jeb 4 12 2 Donald 62 75 3 Ted 51 43 4 Marco 21 19 5 Carly 2 1 6 Hillary 14 21 7 Berine 15 19
Looking at the results, both ABC and CBS polls showed Donald as the leading candidate. However, CBS reported a higher support percentage (75%) compared to ABC (62%).
Variation in Candidate Support: The ABC and CBS polls showed different support levels for each candidate.
For example, Ted had more support in the ABC poll (51%) compared to the CBS poll (43%).
Unusual Findings: Carly’s support was very low in both polls—only 2% in the ABC poll and 1% in the CBS poll. 
This might mean that she was not very popular among the people surveyed.
Influence of Sources: There are clear differences in the percentages reported by ABC and CBS. 
For example, ABC shows more support for Ted, while CBS reports higher support for Donald.
Possible Biases: The differences in results may be due to factors like the demographics of the respondents, the sampling methods used, or potential biases in each poll.
Understanding these aspects is crucial when interpreting political polling data.
Conclusion: Although the data in this analysis is entirely fictional, it highlights the importance of critically evaluating political poll results.
Differences between polling sources show how complex and sometimes subjective measuring public opinion can be.
To get a well-rounded view of political trends, people should be aware of possible biases and consider multiple sources. 
Analyzing data plays a key role in shaping narratives and influencing public opinion in politics. 
As we review these fictional poll results from ABC and CBS regarding the 2016 presidential election, it’s important to remember that, in reality, the accuracy of polling data remains a topic of ongoing discussion and scrutiny.
